personal speech there hole and aims for one more
channel episode was symbol is capture
and show a video of yesterday that was me
I'm clean is 52 and it's still not
will change even if I play today gave two
videos you received 2 more viruses in a
video is k
I want to appeal then take rpg and you the
is not yet the man of the rpg man is
that I know you have already seen that the rpg
was the most voted but will still have the
name bono chemical IPMS was well
because I got really pissed yesterday and
Because of the spiritual quest and still okay
They both play Sunday on the
Sunday night so it's going on and what
was going to make box catar rpg next to
light state 15
we'll get there in the 25's
and no matter our freight does not matter
how much I 'm going to die
The scheme is to kill Guido Maxixe tomato
beauty then closed there that I'm going to enter
here on Sunday mischievous or else see
that we think in the yard and it is
seen as quite Jakarta in the yard
You can start anything and start
scolding the collection and what they said
does the fred business matter in terms of
location I 'll play a little too
will not I'll put type 20 minutes
putting the ball touch the ball go into
the location you saw but it was
looking for the show room a lot
here are you putting a lot of room so I decided
get into another game that demolition
face
the only time to leave as told me
I care about faith and it does not matter what my name is.
fifteen pa
it does not matter, my motorcycles do matter
my kills that the scheme adopted since the
china at home we run out here O
just a little bit just a little bit was not
the top hat is going to die
Our good idea is that I already got one
quilombo already another galaxy a strip car
The truth is that the guys are respected.
that comes in the soft a bazooka
maceió with basic how much is to play
because I know what to say and kicked in
willian rebound won the test here
admitting the error as that guy takes
Batucada in the foot is on and stands
do not die just two are in the house just mine 2
Thank you very much, two, you leave me a lot.
happy with these things with this dynamic
of physics that came back to beat that
damn, it 's not here anymore, Tite, send it there.
or send a ball on the attack and it's over
When it's over, it's going to kill you almost.
He took the bag with a firearm.
weapon
As a second option, it 's better, man.
It seems to appear to me there that I go too.
will see that here
I hope the car is career shows that
I have here a more summary here
another everything and now it seems every one goes
Stay for this guy, he wants to die.
die do not let the show that is this
that the priest to carry the paper more
a bazooka in a neighborhood on the day here
O
Vixi Maria took her breast or more
concern is that the guy did not laugh that scheme
we got the vant died the dilma is
mother to Paraiba charged and the guy comes
send express mail white button right dude I
I stayed in the sphere, we already worked
four errors 2 1 in the first round they
neither poverty nor the first round
we won the score the scoring is who else
I also had a cup and let's go
face this one a dvd the hair
then when you return to the second round, the
vote you company come on beauty was
so after the break
let's go here now an isaac hunter no
I have trash in the trash to make a good one.
game and just is not even if I was there
behind
Wow, if I die, it will take me to see the value.
rose to take the mother dies the patuá and died
expensive so cap
I can not forget to see the guy here
why write that you see the name of the
skype using a cup
this scheme or take died chupa-chupa
jô won ó vai emitir died with
a chest shot will put dies the
dog our house had to flee from
Ours was the only crazy veteran to pick up
My car is to take this story
also behind
Beckham also selling single line drugs
Come and play and take our voucher.
remembered that this here
the river has more in the item more on each flight
number hit a lot of paper
little hill in young
who will do well but look will play the
plan was to stay calm that the other
pilot that the other side here has another
the main side is here
look at that look that good that my God
Heaven my God, just this, I 'm here.
my God is the guy who's it is it
Here, man, what's this here?
my heaven god, what 's happening?
This is where everything is all connected.
My Photo
This explains why I killed myself here
happened there not only is everything here is
mano, that's what this is, this is good
that the totally old guys just in the
my 2 wants only my god as a thing
It's all filled up that someone gives me
kill with b 23 zé and last there will not
fight with me because on the floor, the fuck
is to take kyoto died now carries
beckham rules the people behind the
Was the gold funny, I'm going to be able to
It was funny to take it and enjoy it.
Saturday the mother's head
Oh man, I saw our comin ' Norman.
Game was this galera is marked 21/5
for God's sake took two good I came back
For you guys, I got pissed off
damn the last matches up to my
video yesterday was what you saw there
I wanted to know even by the strength that you
They gave it but at last today it was expensive revenge.
Who got along?
Now I went and I locked myself up
and it is because it is connected then it is
that this is more delicious or that
Favorite help channel cleaning and
but work in the channel register is
produce fish has proved to you
that the next possible to reach the
car and twitter and facebook fan page the
television channel and we get ruthless
bloodthirsty death stirred what was
Dude, do not come and play with me.
is everything recorded here was to kill
absolute bazooka ball
we took the pistol in our bed towers
São Paulo Coutinho Odirlei almost fall
so this was the guy that revenge
revenge and hence the title she wants
appeal
so take rpg and hope this
happen to you is you can take
Do you have a room that you can
mop up the cars with the shoot and
I got a little excited today.
What to admit but is this again?
I like the one who was the friend of your local
of work
A big kiss, you did not have it there.
after tomorrow worth officer